Update porting overview and dependencies section (#14621)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/porting/third-party-deps.md

title: Analyze dependencies to port code to .NET Core
description: Learn how to analyze external dependencies in order to port your project from .NET Framework to .NET Core.
author: cartermp

> ms.date: 09/23/2019

Reviewer: update ms.date again

ms.custom: seodec18
---
# Analyze your dependencies to port code to .NET Core

> To port your code to .NET Core or .NET Standard, you must understand your dependencies. External dependencies are the [NuGet packages](#analyze-referenced-nuget-packages-in-your-projects) or [DLLs](#analyze-dependencies-that-arent-nuget-packages) you reference in your project, but that you don't build yourself.

Reviewer: The anchor is still broken. Should it go to renamed section #migrate-your-packages-to-packagereference?

> ## Migrate your packages to `PackageReference`

Reviewer: should it say NuGet package references?

.NET Core uses [PackageReference](/nuget/consume-packages/package-references-in-project-files) to specify package dependencies. If you are using [packages.config](/nuget/reference/packages-config) to specify your packages, you will need to convert over to `PackageReference` because `packages.config` is unsupported for .NET Core.

> You can learn how to migrate at [Migrate from packages.config to PackageReference](/nuget/reference/migrate-packages-config-to-package-reference).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn how to migrate, see the [Migrate from packages.config to PackageReference](/nuget/reference/migrate-packages-config-to-package-reference) article.
```

> ## Upgrade your NuGet packages after converting them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Upgrade your NuGet packages
```

> After converting to `PackageReference`, you need to verify if your packages are compatible with .NET Core.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After your migrating your project to the `PackageReference` format, you need to verify if your packages are compatible with .NET Core.
```

> First, upgrade your packages to the latest version that you can. It's likely that newer versions of your package dependencies are already compatible with .NET Core.

Reviewer: do we need to give instructions on how to do this?

Author: I'll mention VS

## Analyze your package dependencies

If you haven't already verified that your converted and upgrade package dependencies work on .NET Core, here's how you can do that.

> ### Analyze NuGet packages using nuget.org

Reviewer: should you make these a bulleted listed instead?
```suggestion
* Analyze NuGet packages using nuget.org
```

> * Analyze NuGet packages using nuget.org

Reviewer: the formatting here is weird and doesn't match the other section. should it be the following or should line 34 be a bulleted list too?

```suggestion
### Analyze NuGet packages using nuget.org
```

> You can see the TFMs that each package supports on [nuget.org](https://www.nuget.org/) under the **Dependencies** section of the package page.

Reviewer: TFMs is being defined in line 48. You need to move it here.

> Although using the site is an easier method to verify the compatibility, **Dependencies** information is not available on the site for all packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although using the site is an easier method to verify the compatibility, **Dependencies** information isn't available on the site for all packages.
```

4. Select the package name from the search results and click **open**.
5. Expand the *lib* folder on the right-hand side and look at folder names.

> Look for a folder with any of the following names: `netstandardX.Y` or `netcoreappX.Y`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Look for a folder with names using one the following patterns: `netstandardX.Y` or `netcoreappX.Y`.
```

These values are the [Target Framework Monikers (TFMs)](../../standard/frameworks.md) that map to versions of the [.NET Standard](../../standard/net-standard.md), .NET Core, and traditional Portable Class Library (PCL) profiles that are compatible with .NET Core.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> When looking at the TFMs that a package supports, note that `netcoreapp*`, while compatible, is for .NET Core projects only and not for .NET Standard projects.
> A library that only targets `netcoreapp*` and not `netstandard*` can only be consumed by other .NET Core apps.

> ### .NET Framework compatibility mode

Reviewer: is this supposed to be a section under Analyze your package dependencies? This comment is related to the H3 vs bulleted list question earlier.
